# Table of Contents
1. [Calculations](README.md#calculations)
2. [Repo directory structure](README.md#repo-directory-structure)
3. [Running the Code](README.md#running-the-code)


# Calculations
Each line of the input file `itcont.txt` is treated as a record. My program processes every line of `itcont.txt` in the same order as it is listed in the file.
To calculate the total contributions and total number of contributions from the repeat donors, I have used a hash function, where contribution to each recipient coming from each donor is mapped to a 5-digit zip-code.
To calculate the percentile, I have used a binary search tree and to extract the percentile value, I have used an in-order traversal of binary search tree. 

The calculated fields out onto a pipe-delimited line and then printed to an output file named `repeat_donors.txt`.

# Repo directory structure

The directory structure for your repo should look like this:

    ├── README.md 
    ├── run.sh
    ├── src
    │   └── donation-analytics.py
    ├── input
    │   └── percentile.txt
    │   └── itcont.txt
    ├── output
    |   └── repeat_donors.txt
    ├── insight_testsuite
        └── run_tests.sh
        └── tests
            └── test_1
            |   ├── input
            |   │   └── percentile.txt
            |   │   └── itcont.txt
            |   |__ output
            |   │   └── repeat_donors.txt
            ├── your-own-test_1
                ├── input
                │   └── your-own-input-for-itcont.txt
                |── output
                    └── repeat_donors.txt


## Running the code

Clone this git repository. Python 3.0 must be installed in the computer. Once cloned into the local machine, the two input files namely 'itcont.txt' and 'percentile.txt' must be put in the input folder. Then by running the run.sh file, the output can be found in the output folder. 
The code has passed two test cases one of them being provided by Insight. The second test case has been generated by me. 

